I like our recall.
Passing out last night as a nurse was taking my temperature.
Everything is fuzzy.
I cannot fight us on the exits on about the door.
Am i going blind?
I cannot move my right arm or leg.
I cannot lift my head.
They're now saying i cannot talk
after awake.
Every heavy exercises i say better.
I can talk a little.
I talked layard lee,
a young girl on work experience,
comes to visit.
I can't hear you.
She draws back her hair and chase me.
You're here hearing aids and she writes me a night.
My first positive communication.
I was different.
I didn't realize it.
But after rehabilitation are realized,
my life has changed or not.
The person my wife had married or the person my friends knew.
I think i almost signed.
But their responses and reactions to me were different.
The new one says off.
Say on that we're gone.
Music,
question noise,
jugs confused may any place,
personal relationships,
same to go out the window.
I just did not seem to exist anymore.
I tried to continue with golf and fishing that if someone said
something,
yell of the blade war had they back to make,
i just wouldn't know what it meant.
Eventually,
people begin to tire of the if it took to communicate with may
that i had to.
My girl answers and accept that as a general course of
things at family gatherings,
i soon fielded simply just to observe.
It was too noisy for me.
If i wanted something clarified,
i would get someone aside with an ill day and get youth.
Our wanted oh,
friends have nay,
our been replaced by new friends who are in the
same boat as may searching for identity,
not hearing people or death people.
Just in between the advent of digital
hearing aid,
torreon nineteen ninety five has given me more depth and every
ation of cnn's.
I can once again hear the say ryan on the rave
chirping of birds.
I would love to him.
Our grandchildren talk.
It is disappointing not to wayne,
so when nice bake.
But i'm very grateful to the people of help.
Like the technology for assisted listening devices,
telephones and caption tv.
I accept my lot,
my pleasure,
naylor saying.
Why family together,
enjoying themselves on prey out of their achievements.
I nail have five grandchildren and great grandchildren
like an old wait in the garden or i am thankful to
exist.